README.md, before:

![Screen Shot of ./intro.sh script running](http://s11.postimg.org/4wpvpqzf7/Captura_de_tela_2014_03_29_18_34_18.png)

## Proposal

The **proposal** initial of the course is to cover an environment of introduction to the world of ***GOOGLE MAPS*** to the participants. Thus, we will start of the basic one, who knows until we will make some more intermediate thing. More the **main objective is not this**.


### How to use this repo?

To use this repository, to baster to have some minimum requirements (as for example `zsh `) installed and configured in its system **unix-like** and **to run pro I hug**.

#### Requirements

- [PHP 5.3+](http://www.php.net/)
- [zsh shell](http://www.zsh.org/)
- [composer](https://getcomposer.org/)

#### Running PHP Scripts 

To obtain to execute scripts `php`, you will have to twirl composer before. More information on PHP and Dependences of projects can be seen in the site of composer ;)

Example: 
`
$ php maps.php
`

### And more?

Follow [@malukenho](http://twitter.com/malukenho) on Twitter.

For feedback are welcome

---

Coded with [vim](http://www.vim.org)

![Vim](http://www.vim.org/images/vim_editor.gif)

Commit message:

Improve documentation
- Suggest to the user, view the steps using `vimdiff` to one file to
  another

README.md, after:

![Screen Shot of ./intro.sh script running](http://s11.postimg.org/4wpvpqzf7/Captura_de_tela_2014_03_29_18_34_18.png)

## Proposal

The **proposal** initial of the course is to cover an environment of introduction to the world of ***GOOGLE MAPS*** to the participants. Thus, we will start of the basic one, who knows until we will make some more intermediate thing. More the **main objective is not this**.


### How to use this repo?

To use this repository, to baster to have some minimum requirements (as for example `zsh `) installed and configured in its system **unix-like** and **to run pro I hug**.

### How to see the examples?

Easy, Easy. The archives are in a well legal logical sequence. nominated with index[ .html] order. To follow the steps it uses `vimdiff`

#### Requirements

- [PHP 5.3+](http://www.php.net/)
- [zsh shell](http://www.zsh.org/)
- [composer](https://getcomposer.org/)

#### Running PHP Scripts 

To obtain to execute scripts `php`, you will have to twirl composer before. More information on PHP and Dependences of projects can be seen in the site of composer ;)

Example: 
`
$ php maps.php
`

### And more?

Follow [@malukenho](http://twitter.com/malukenho) on Twitter.

For feedback are welcome

---

Coded with [vim](http://www.vim.org)

![Vim](http://www.vim.org/images/vim_editor.gif)
